[groaning]
Potato chips... soda... cream
puffs! [groaning]
Sweet bean dumplings!
[groaning]
Could you knock off your
annoying mumbling, already?
How much longer are we gonna
have to keep walking until we
reach this Ryuchi Cave?
[exasperated sighs]
And why do we have to go through
all of this just to get to this
place?
It's to find Mitsuki.
The only one who can analyze
this snake is the White Snake
Sage of Ryuchi Cave.
That's why we have to do
whatever it takes to get there,
y'know!
So what's this Ryuchi Cave place
like? Or do I want to know...?
Orochimaru told us it's a place
of this world, while at the same
time...
not of this
world.
It's a secluded site where Sages
live and undergo rigorous
training.
(SHIKADAI) It's said, going
there out of curiosity angers
the White Snake Sage...
and you won't make it out alive.
[chuckle] Guess there's no
telling what we might stir up...
[chuckle] Wait, what?
Hm?
Footprints.
It's kinda hard to believe that
there are others besides us
who'd even want to come here...
Wait, hold on...!
I think these footprints...
actually belong to us!
What?! Listen, don't you think
that we ought to turn back?
Orochimaru said only those who
seek it will be able to find
it.
If our will is strong, I know
we'll get to meet the White
Snake Sage.
[groans]
[exasperated sigh]
Oh, so they're going to keep
going...?
It seems they're not simply
lost.
We can take care of this
quickly.
Alright, then. Let's go check
them out for ourselves.
[licking]
Uh... you guys...? What's that
light over there?
Do you think it could be
Ryuchi Cave? [grunt]
Hey! Boruto!
Uh...?!
[gasps]
I gotta say, this is not what
I'd pictured...
[gasps]
Someone's coming!
Stay alert, guys!
Hm?
We've been expecting all of you
to arrive.
I welcome you to Ryuchi Cave.
Huh?!
Welcome. You may call me
Tagorihime. All of you must be
exhausted.
So, please take advantage of
this place to relax and get
some rest.
Mmm...!
Actually, my feet were getting
really tired!
And something smells totally
delicious!
Wait, just a second. Is this
really Ryuchi Cave?
Yes, Of course!
So somewhere in here, there's a
person called the White
Snake Sage, right?
Yes, there is.
Master White Snake Sage is
within the temple deep inside
Ryuchi Cave right now.
So, listen...
we came to see the White Snake
Sage cause we have something
really important to ask!
Why, of course. I understand
completely. I'll go and make the
arrangements, so please...
wait here for just a moment.
In the meantime, please...
partake of the feast that we've
prepared.
Yes! They have food here!
You sure that it's okay to
eat?!
Yes! Please, help yourselves!
Alright!
Ha ha ha!
It's my policy to not hold back
when invited!
Yeah, let me at it! I'm
starving, too!
Hold up a sec, you guys.
Huh? What's the matter, Boruto?
Did you guys forget everything
I said?!
I literally just told you what
kind of a place Ryuchi Cave is!
These are special dishes
prepared for our esteemed
guests.
They're here simply to
welcome you.
No, but... We gotta see--
What's wrong with taking a
little break?!
Yeah, rumors are only rumors,
right? Besides, Tagorihime
doesn't seem so bad.
Don't you agree, Sarada?
Huh? Well, uh...
I guess that I don't see
anything too unusual right
now...
[sniffing]
Yeah! The food even smells
great! I think that everything's
okay here!
They did this for us. Let's
rest and enjoy!
But listen, you guys, uh...
Whatever! I'm gonna dig in now!
[chuckling]
Damn it... There's simply no
stopping Cho-Cho when she gets
like this...
You're taking too much!
Huh?!
[sigh] But only a little break,
okay?
[groaning]
Now, don't be shy! Please, help
yourselves!
[gulp]
After you meet with Master White
Snake Sage...
I'm certain you'll be able to
learn the whereabouts of your
friend Mitsuki.
So, please! Go ahead and eat,
Boruto!
Uh, yeah...
Wait... Did you just say
"Mitsuki?"
[chuckle]
But how do you even know about
Mitsuki?
[grunt] Cho-Cho, Inojin! Drop
it!
Huh...?
You just mentioned Mitsuki's
name. But I never actually said
it out loud.
[chuckle]
You're very sharp for a human.
You really should've just taken
a bite of the damn food!
[gasps and groans]
Ahhh!
Ah! Awww...
No way! Ugh, that's so gross!
[cackling]
[gasp] What is all this?!
Just when I thought that I'd get
to eat the fresh chakra of
children for a change...
(TAGITSUHIME) You lost!
Huh?!
(TAGITSUHIME) They didn't
succumb to your temptations.
Yes, I'm well aware. Our job is
to weed out all of those who
wander into Ryuchi Cave.
(TAGITSUHIME) Of course... But
unfortunately...
Master White Snake Sage only
allows us to eat those who
fail our tests.
Those who come here have given
themselves up to sheer madness
in search of power.
Don't be foolish enough to
assume that you'll make it all
the way to meet with Master...
White Snake Sage...
They're gone!
Not even a trace left!
It looks like the rumors about
this place were true...
Can you guys imagine what
would've happened to us if we'd
actually eaten all of that...
rotten food?
I bet they planned on paralyzing
us and then eating us.
What?! No way!
Bleh! Gross!
[worried groan]
Huh?
They said that the White Snake
Sage is in the temple deep
inside...
Does that mean it's
over there?
Alright, I'm going in! Just you
wait, White Snake Sage!
Hey! Wait, Boruto!
[groan] Damn it!
I'll just get hungrier if I have
to run! Oh, man... Ughhh!
[groan]
Sarada! Shikadai! Inojin!
Cho-Cho?!
Where did everybody run off to
now?! Damn it!
Huh...?!
Hey! Hold on!
I said, hold on! [gasp]
[gasp]
[gasp] Hm? [grunt] Damn it!
[heavy breathing]
[gasp]
Agh! Really?! [grunts]
Why you-! [straining]
Damn it! It won't budge!
Huh? What is this all about? Mm.
Wait, is this a...?
(ICHIKISHIMAHIME) You're right!
Mm!
Hey, who are you? Eh...! Uh...
Where are you?
My name is Ichikishimahime.
Are you with the lady from
earlier? Where'd you take
Sarada and-?! Uh...! Um...
(ICHIKISHIMAHIME) Who knows?
You're the only one that I'm
interested in right now.
Come on. Come and play with me!
What?! Play?! Uh...!
If you fill in all the spaces in
that boulder, I'll let you out
of here.
All the stones you need are
right here in this room.
If you can do it, then you win
the challenge.
Is the way I came in the only
exit?
Oh, and you better not be trying
to trick me like that other lady
did.
No way! I'm really honest, so
you can believe me when I say...
It's useless to try to kill me.
Solving the puzzle is the only
way out of here. Simple, right?
You can try to fill in the
spaces as many times as you'd
like.
Just keep going until you can't
anymore.
As long as you want!
You really think I'd just give
up...
...on something this simple?!
I don't enjoy chakra that's
fresh...
I prefer chakra that's weak and
just about to fade away.
I drink it all up!
I'll give you this much: you
sure are creepier than the last
one!
(ICHIKISHIMAHIME) Well, at least
I'm honest! [giggle]
[grunt] There's no way I'm gonna
get eaten.
Come on!
Just one more space!
But I can't find a stone that's
the right size!
You ready to give up now?
Never!
It's no good!
Ughhh...!
Have you lost hope already?
There's still lots of time.
Despair at your own pace!
Ugh! I can' be wasting so much
time here like this...
I gotta see the Sage, to find
Mitsuki!
Is that the reason why you came
to Ryuchi Cave?
So you're not here to acquire
the power of the Sage?
No, I don't care about that kind
of stuff.
I see... Almost every other
human who comes to Ryuchi Cave
is after the Sage's power.
I just wanna know where my
friend Mitsuki is, that's all.
Mitsuki... where are you now?
What are you doing?
Aw, man... I still don't get it
at all...
[grunt]
Oh. Oops.
Uh...!
[gasp] Of course!
Oh, but... that won't work. You
tried that stone before, didn't
you?
I did. It didn't fit then, but
maybe if I try this!
That's it! It's finished!
How did you know?
I just tried thinking outside
the box. If the shape doesn't
fit...
then make a shape that does
fit! Right?
What's in front of your eyes
isn't everything. You only think
it's everything.
Some things can't be seen unless
you change your thinking and
perception.
That's something Mitsuki
made me realize!
[chuckle] You're correct. Well,
I guess you're going to be
difficult to eat.
Hate to tell ya, but I'm not
gonna get eaten today!
[hissing and biting]
[pained grunt]
[grunt]
What did you just do? [pained
grunt and struggling]
I am Tagitsuhime.
You must really be something if
you got past the trials that the
other two set for you.
[pained grunt]
[pained groans] This is so
uncool!
You'll face me, Tagitsuhime,
next.
I shall give you a test to
evaluate your heart.
Of course, if you can't endure
it, then I can just eat you!
[heavy breathing] I have to see
Mitsuki again- and I will!
There's no way I'll let
myself get eaten here! [gasp]
Sarada?!
I know you're doing this for
Mitsuki's sake...
but have you ever stopped and
thought about us, the ones who
get dragged along with you?
[pained grunt]
It's cause of your selfishness
that the rest of us are always
getting into trouble, Boruto.
Is this genjutsu?
[pained grunts and groans]
I wish that you could put
yourself in our shoes for once!
We abandoned our original
mission, and now we're gonna be
Rogue Ninjas, too.
This is all
your fault.
You sure know how to hit me
where it hurts the most...
It's possible that Mitsuki got
sick and tired of you and
decided that he should leave.
You may say that Mitsuki is a
precious friend...
but you're the only one who
actually believes that.
Mitsuki left the village of his
own free will. It was his
choice, right?
So, you're gonna ignore
Mitsuki's wishes and chase him
down anyway?
[pained groans]
What'll you do after you bring
him back? Are you gonna try to
understand him from now on?
Isn't that just a convenient
excuse?
Why try to understand an
outsider, anyway? What's most
important is you, right?
Look, the simple fact of the
matter is that people's hearts
can change.
And even if you actually did
understand him, maybe in
reality...
all of it was nothing
but a big lie?
This whole thing began because
of your own egotistical desires,
right?
How long will you keep on
plaguing everyone around you?
Just stop already.
[grunt]
[chuckle] I think Ryuchi Cave
really needs to figure out how
to mind its own damn business.
Uh...!
To be fair, though, all of you
have a point. I realize that
what I'm trying to do isn't
easy.
But, it's because of that...
That I... wanna confront Mitsuki
with absolutely everything
I've got.
(TAGITSUHIME) [grunt] Guess
that's all we can do...
Huh? [gasp]
[gasp] Huh?
Where am I?
The entrance to Master White
Snake Sage's temple.
You! Are you--?!
Please, wait. I acknowledge that
I've lost. You feel normal now,
don't you?
Uh...!? Oh...
Those who come here usually seek
to acquire the Sage's power.
To be frank...
it's hard to believe that you
could make it all the way here
without possessing such a goal!
[nervous breath]
Well, it's too bad!
If I'd been able to break your
heart, then I could've eaten it
all up!
Mm...!
[chuckle] Listen, that's just
not gonna happen.
Well, go ahead. Your friends are
waiting for you inside there.
You've undoubtedly earned the
right to meet Master White Snake
Sage.
Mm. Alright!
What impressive willpower!
Although...
...if this Mitsuki becomes an
actual enemy... what will you do
then?
[gasp]
Inojin, Sarada, Cho-Cho,
Shikadai!
[groggy moans]
Sarada!
[groggy moans] Boruto!
[groggy moans]
Are you guys okay?
(WHITE SNAKE SAGE) They haven't
been harmed in the slightest...
[gasps and groans]
Are you the White Snake Sage
then?
Muhh-huh.
My name's Boruto Uzumaki. And
I've come here to ask you a
favor.
Oh, I know! My ears hear
everything that occurs inside
Ryuchi Cave.
She's hard to understand, huh?
Shhh!
Then I won't bother explaining.
[gasp]
I want you to analyze this snake
for me.
Why me?
Orochimaru sent me here.
Orochimaru, huh? Seems he's
softened up, then hasn't he?
[groan]
So filled with greed, such is
man. Crawling in the darkness...
that is the true form that man
takes.
All those who come here to see
me... have abandoned everything
in pursuit of sheer avarice.
I'm different than all those
othe
r
guys. I just wanna find
That is not a task that is left
to me.
The trials you passed were for
the purpose of me seeing if I
should teach you Sage Art...
understand?
That's all I know. There's
nothing else I could tell you.
All of us have gone through a
huge amount to get here!
So there's just no way that
we're gonna take no for an
answer!
Aren't Sages supposed to know
things?!
Help us, Granny!
You're going to be a real pain,
aren't you?
Look, I'm begging you! Please
help!
Very well, if you're absolutely
certain that you want me to
analyze that snake, I will-
but only on one condition.
What's that?
Deep inside Ryuchi Cave there
lives a giant snake named
Garaga...
that's been giving me
trouble.
So you want me to take it down?
Wait, Boruto! We're talking
about a giant snake!
Yeah, so what?! Who cares?!
But, we...!
Just forget it, Inojin. At this
point, it's too late to stop
him.
I want you to bring Garaga's
Reverse Scale to me. Doing so
will make him tame once again.
I understand. But if I bring it
back, then you'd better do what
I'm asking.
Garaga lives down in the
deepest...
harshest recesses of Ryuchi Cave
in a nest that's simply teeming
with giant snakes.
You still wanna do it?
Yeah, of course I want to!
Was it really okay to make them
a promise such as that one?
They're going up against Garaga.
Do you really think they'll come
back alive?
[gasps]
So, you mean, in other words...
[cackle] Exactly!
(CHO-CHO) So um, this reverse
Scale... Just what is it,
anyway?
(INOJIN) A scale on the
underside of a dragon's chin
that grows in the opposite...
direction than the rest. You
know the old saying, don't you?
If you touch it...
you incur the
dragon's wrath!
(CHO-CHO) There's a giant snake
with one of those? That sounds
super dangerous!
(BORUTO) No biggie! This is just
like a video game.
You take down a monster boss and
you get a special item. That's
it!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "Incurring Wrath"
Let's get it real
quick and clear
this level!